You promised you wouldn't leave me
You won't get used to it, will you?
Renaissance is the company
Don't mess around
Sister, if you promise me not to divorce, I will let go.
revival
I don't care. If you don't promise me, I won't let go.
Come in please.
Mr. Su, this is the quarterly summary of our department this month
Take a look.
Mr. Su, I'll watch it later
You go out first
Mr. Su, are you alright?
Ah it's alright
Accidentally hit my knee
You go out first
Fuxing signed the agreement and acted according to the contract
It's not good for you to pester your employer
elder sister
You don't want me, do you?
You are still young
You can meet more and better girls
But I am different
I'm not young anymore.
I have to think about my family.
Also consider this company
Instead of just being happy
Our farce
It's time to end
Sister, you are thinking of others everywhere.
What about you? Have you ever thought about yourself?